Stephanie Kim

1) How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug
  that was introduced?
    a) It allows me to quickly and easily see both files which allows me to
    spot the differences and mistakes much more quickly. If I had to constantly
    look in one file and then another then it would be time consuming and
    probably end up making much more mistakes.
2) How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a
  a better programmer in the long term?
    a) I would be able to look back on the files of the older version later if 
    I had another problem which would allow me to see how I fixed the problem. 
3) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
  commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
  Google docs does?
    a) The advantages would be having every commit make sense to me. It
    wouldn't allow changes to happen suddenly and I am able to manually make each
    change in the commit. The disadvantage would be an error and forgetting to
    commit or not publishing commits at the right time.
4) Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
  multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file
  separately?
    a) I think it is because Google Docs is not really pushing towards coding or
    codes, or for people who will be editing multiple files at one.
5) How can you sue the commands git log and git diff to view the history of the
  files?
    a) You can use git log to actually view the entire history of the file and
    then git diff will compare two different versions to see what exactly
    changed in each version.
6) How much using version control make you more confident to make changes that
  could break something?
    a) it would allow me to make changes without worry. If I did break something
    I could just go back to the older version and fix it.
7) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git
  for?
    a) I would like to use Git for when I start programming programs.
