1) What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
    a) Git init turns a folder into a git repository which means that I can
      start tracking files and changes to those files.

2) How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
    a) This staging area is an area where I can stage filed to be committed.
      This allows me to group some files, out of all of the changed files in
      the working directory, so that the grouped files can be committed together

3) How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
    a) As I work, I'm changing files in my working directory. If I made several
      changes, I can then group files related to each logical change by choosing
      just those files, adding them into the staging area, and then committing
      them. I can do this for each logical change, therefore committing to my
      repository the groups of files related to each logical change.

4) What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
    a) If I wanted to experiment with a new feature, I could use a new branch.
      Or If I wanted to create a new version of a project, I could create a new
      branch. It is good to use the master branch as a stable branch, the branch
      where everything is working well just as it is, and then use other
      branches to experiment with changes.

5) How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
    a) They show me the sequence of commits; what's reachable and what's not.

6) What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
    a) The commits from each branch will be interleaved together.

7) What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
    a) Pros : Saves my time, especially when there are conflicts to resolve;
      Makes your concentrate on the changes which actually contain conflicts.
    b) Cons : I don't know.
